hello I'll introduce the
operation of an automated system
opening and closing for works
of hen house this system is very simple
since it consists of basic elements
findable in any
supermarket
it is indeed composed of an old
drill a few wheels
rubber of a simple switch is going
and comes and wooden planks for
frame and gears
there is no water tomatoes no relay
no electronic systems
the mechanical part the training and
made by a drill on which a
Angle gear was fixed from a
old grinder at the end of this
unhappy a maybe or a little
rubber caster the set is
floating climb on a system sends
which slides in wooden rails on
all lubricated paraffin a big
stone was stuck on top of this
system to apply pressure
permanent vertical and so catch up
the game and to prevent Angolans from
slips
this together the motor drives via a
small roulette that is not visible
behind a big galette
intermediate plywood on this
big intermediate slab a small
roulette was secured jointly by 5
aims 4 30
the interest of this cake is
to increase the torque is to decrease the
speed is a reducer
this big intermediate slab is
also mounted floating
she has a two centimeter
about vertical that allows him to
constantly follow the final patty
is to compensate for wear
the central dumpling of this great
intermediate galette between them feasted
final with a diameter of about 45 cm
which corresponds to the amplitude of the
hatch actuate the final patty
revolves around an axis made with a
nut that is fixed and that is securely
fixed on the wooden structure
on this final galette we find the
notch of the cable on the one hand and two wedges
in wood
on the other hand which serve to toggle the
come and go
alternatively the reductions of
speed
the drill rotates at 750 rpm
it is connected to a bevel
leader who turns to 250 laps
minute reduction a third the whole
drives the intermediate slab that
rotates at 25 revolutions minute 1/10 reduction
and this intermediate slab drives
the final galette turns at 2.5 turns
minute or ten big seconds for
an opening or closing part
electric 2 socket are
permanently powered by 220 volts
on these two plugs we connected two
commercial programmers that of the
descent sending the current during a
quarter of an hour in the evening at 9:30 pm and that
of the rise sending current during a
quarter of an hour every morning at 7 am
the phase son of each of these
programmers go through the back and forth
that you see here
its function is twofold firstly it
open the circuit so they cut the
running at the end of a half turn as soon as
the cable just tipped
on the other hand they close circuit the
circuit for the other programmer
thus making the system ready for
work for the next half turn
so in summary the coming and going possesses
two inputs and one output that goes to
the Serbian lecam drill has rocked
the switch so choose the input
active and in fact to inactivate our
input the sons of our are as to
they all connected permanently and everywhere
they too at the drill the demonstration
to avoid waiting for the night we
let's simulate the triggering of the
closing programmer we see
here that the eighth of the cable is in
position
back away so the cable is stretched so
the hatch is open
It is 21:30 the programmer sending the
current in its circuit which is closed
after a half turn uncam switches the
back and forth opens the downhill circuit and
closes the circuit mounted as the
programmer to ride does not see any
still current the motor stops
now imagine that the night is
past and that we would do in the morning at 7am
the programmer to get on the track of
current the circuit is locked up the motor
is powered
after half a turn another range
rocking back and forth again opens
the circuits mount the engine stops
and the downhill circuit is closed features
for the future of better evening rotation
complete cycle and takes and rap properly
said
we will now put the two
programmers in a forced march what
will have the effect of running without
end the system and we will go study the
the hatch and
pulleys
the cable is connected to the big galette
who pays gives back and forth
for maintenance reasons the
system is in the house while the
hen house and 15 meters from the house
a cord
past
along the skin between the door of the
masonry
the rope arrives golden role the
lintel and connected to a rope that passes
in a pulley that serves as a reference
angle rope rope over 15 meters of
along the henhouse
on the henhouse there are two rails
says in the hatch
a second hen i which serves as a referral
angle and a counterweight to lighten
the system we can see the hatch up
and get off driven by the engine that gets
located 15 meters away in the garage
of the House
thank you for your attention for all
questions or remarks write to cage ivo
at gmail.com